Let's go it out quickly.
Oh, what we have we have we have we have this and we have strings and and m instincts.
Hit them and am.
And we have this thing.
It's a and then let's import them.
Okay.
So let's make going to BP area in which we'll be filling it and also do it exhaustively.
Shouldn't be an issue to start from and go ma'am and call the requisite eight.
If it is zero, it better than zero divided.
So it's a late start.
What I do is.
Okay, so I'm starting from zero.
So I have to like.
Consider the zero indexing and Dick's stories.
If I requested zero.
Or let's see if I the question zero and the question zero that it's.
DB 008000 is one.
But it's a deep.
I.
J is one eight.
Else if I zero, then if I 0 a.m. on the first.
True, I can only come from left and not from up eight.
Then b b i is d b i do minus one.
As if.
J0 that means I'm on the.
First column I so I can only come from top.
I cannot come from left.
So here what I have is Libya is deep.
I minus one g.
It's.
As is the case when we are in some way it is or it will be simply to be.
It is equal to b, b, i.e. e minus one plus DP, i.e. minus one energy.
So we have two places from which we can come, right?
And after this is when this is calculated, let's look over identity value by simply saying if it's
a blocked.
But if s I do is equal to.
Hash if it's a blocked but then simply divides.
Zero.
So no matter what is feeling it.
But he.
I simply market data rate so that the other DBS don't use it.
Well.
And finally, where's my final answer to the deep end?
Minus one and minus eight.
So here.
Are we getting three?
Yeah, we're getting three.
Beginning zero grade.
We are getting.
Ernie Foot.
Great.
Well, I think this should work well here.
We haven't missed one thing that we haven't taken mod.
From tainted by nameless seven bullet statement.
Okay, so let's say I have 13, which is one in nine plus seven command.
And whenever I'm calculating deep, I just simply say, is it statement?
Eight nights of a cancellation.
Committed.
It's sick.
And so I really understood this Maude part.
So we are just making it one or we are making it equal, or we are kind of adding to it.
And so when both these values are less than mine and we're adding them to the way we like, we release
and after, then we can take more as a global variable type thing.
Or what we can do is we can also take Maude here.
It will still work because this is what we are copying that's already modelled by and here only we are
doing the calculation.
Well, yeah.
So the time is very less 37 milliseconds.
And then the next part goes, I going to sort this.